if you can describe it Booya
I don't walk its games live I have today
the steelseries akari laser mouse with
you and this mouse is seriously full of
awesomeness it is one of the best gaming
mouse i've ever used i'm actually using
at the moment I've come adopted I'm not
giving a certain series because then it
is such a good Mouse I just love it and
this mouse comes in two versions this is
the laser version there is also an
optical version the main difference is
the optical cheaper different
performance go for laser one you could
consider that budget I was just going
for optical one and which makes it be
cheaper basically I'm going to run
through the future of the mouse and tell
you why I love this math so much because
it really is a wicked mouse so first of
all it's Mouse 3200 DPI I'm just going
to go through all those high twitching
movements if you like to have it on a
high sensitivity the best thing is you
can actually change the sensitivity
really easy near a few issues on this
mouse so there are drivers you can
change DPI in-game no problem basically
you can do in increments of 1 so you
actually mean this means that you could
go from 534 to 535 in game no problem
that even quitting up the game do all on
the mouse without drivers which is crazy
this is a really cool feature wonder I
haven't seen any other master force this
kind of a new concept that still so is
invented and I think it is a really
really useful i dip especially if you're
not so sure what DPI you are and i want
to switch you really quickly depending
on say what gun you're using or how
you're playing stylers that's a really
cool feature the way you do this is it's
got this nifty little screen on the
bottom which is amazing see we can get
that there this is a little LCD screen
on the bottom and basically at the
moment it says default this button here
in bataille just below the scroll wheel
is the way you changed epi so I'm going
to do I'm going to hold that button down
I'm looking on the other side there and
then once I hold it it's not changed so
saying hi and it should save 1080 at the
moment that means I've got it on 1080
DPI at the moment that's how I use it if
I want to change that now it's on that
menu all I have to do is scroll up and
down with the scroll wheel it changing
seasons changing here brilliant so that
is how you do it and that is literally
how simple you can go in clicks of one
and change other much you'll go all the
way down to one DPI which should be like
you know if you wanted to but all you
can have it in the maximum 3,200 so that
is a really cool design in a really
simple way and once you done once you've
finished selecting it click again what's
for that and it saved and a safe on Mars
forever on any computer so that is a
really cool thing it stores it all on
the mouse of a second way you can change
DPI so the mouse has actually got to
inbuilt profiles these little lights
here one of the lights says hi it should
say hi at the moment and one of them
says low you can see them changing here
she's like changing their that is
because I'm just clicking that DPI
button again basically as i said before
as you can set the two DPI is you set
the high one to say something high like
as i said the thousand or something like
that around there you set the low one
too low for about four hundred and
you've got yourself two different
profiles you can actually switch by
changed up and down so against you two
little DPI sensitivity bits there which
is great for if you being a sniper when
you want it nice and nice and high
sensitivity you have on the high one you
grab at your big machine gun you want to
like to swipe it over you click to the
low setting and that's just really easy
to quickly so a lot of functionality
HIPAA DPI switching you've got your five
main buttons you always got left and
right click and you clicks by the way a
really nice it's built to the body so
there's no it doesn't go in here it's
one single sheet of material metaplastic
there left to right click but your
scroll there obviously your dps which
are there where your thumb sets and
that's nice thumb groove here but Ford's
and back buttons which are really nice
when you're navigating in internet
explorer or annoying things for who uses
internet explorer card internet browser
when you want to go forwards or
backwards and also using the included
driver software which you get on a disc
there you can assign macro tooth buttons
so you can assign it to be any
assignable key or a macro and that has
polk county fire and the drivers so yeah
in the box get the mouse driver CD Quick
Start Guide little manual and also a
little product catalog there which is
quite nice that you get with it right
then what I've so i miss the cable the
cable is a very nice feature runnings
brighter cables it's kind of a material
cable it feels like a shoelace and so
that's why I describe it it's like a
firm shoelace and this means it's not
like you we're all plastic hey we funnel
most Mouse's it's a really
as cable it's not twisted or anything
it's really flexible but such high
quality it doesn't it's not going to
break or anything I can easily talk
about and nothing is going to happen
because it says fabric braided cable and
that's a 2 meter cable you get all this
ending in a USB to port we have got 44
pressure points on the bottom here these
are the feet that you find these are
really nice glide feet but one there to
there one up top it's basically me is
going to glide really really nice across
any mathematically use whether it's a
slow one or a fast one it's just going
to glide really really nicely so it
means there's no friction on there at
all really the base of it as well as you
can see quite a big mouse for me I
always thought that I preferred small
mice because I heard you say before I
can flick them around easily but for
this one I thought and this is really me
but I tried it and once I try this grip
it's the most comfortable mouse in the
world it's just molded to your hand so
so well it's not okay normal college
just for right-handed users but really
every finger has a great place to sit
your thumbs got the groove there you've
got the rail your where the finger that
is it's got groove then your little
finger has a groove in there as well so
it's just perfectly perfectly molded
everything in those exactly right
sitting and that means you can get the
optimum clicks on everywhere it's
perfectly feels there it's a really
precise mouse really great that is about
all I can say apart from this is
probably one of the best nights I've
ever used I absolutely recommend it to
anyone who's looking for a new high-end
mouse definitely well this is the
highest end mass they do at the moment
still series and they're definitely
you're in the right direction here I'm
going to be coming back to you guys with
some more stores gear very soon
including the mousetrap which is very
suited this and zboard milk stelton
one's dead bored and mercs self now
can't say is that bored because they
brought it out there anyway and still
seriously Cara days a mouse thank you
much
sweet
you